    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
     Is is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the meaning of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely define it's presentation.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
      It is used to create electronic documents that are displayed on the web and contains a series of connections to other pages called hyperlinks. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
      They are special words used inside the opening tag to control the elements behavior. 
      
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a   page?
      The h1 tag is usually used for the title of a page or post and is the first header visible on a page. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes Not sure. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <head> and any other HTML elements that contain metadata. 

    7. What is an id? 
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique) and is most used to point to a style in a style sheet to manipulate the element with the id. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any, as long as no classes are also used. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once

    10. What is a class? 
      The .class selector selects elements with a specific class attribute.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
      Any elements that don't have an id attached to it. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      As many times as you'd like. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
      add a target="_blank" attribute to your links

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
      It specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
      #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
      The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters,headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. whereas: The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
      CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
      h2 {

      }
      This will style every h2 element on the page. 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      The only difference between them is that “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while “class” selector can apply to multiple elements. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select elements with a specific class, write a period character, followed by the name of the class. 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class="human">

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use the line-height property. 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Use the letter-spacing property. 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform-uppercase, text-transform-lowercase, text-transform-capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
      div {
        border: 1px black dotted
      }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    The * selector selects all elements.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
      git commit -m "enter comments here"

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? dir

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    The ls command. 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm - will permanently delete the file without notfication. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It tracks individual changes by each contributer and helps prevent concurrent work from conflicting. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
      As often as possible once changes have been made.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
      git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
      1. Fork the repo
      2. Add TL as collaborator
      3. Clone the repo (copy HTTPS) and then git clone 'address' in gitbash. 
      4. cd into from the terminal
      5. Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo
      6. code .
      7. git add
      8. git commit -m
      9. git push -u origin name
      10. Submit pull request
      11. Add TL to Reviewers 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Can't put block elements inside inline elements. By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS)

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
      An element that is absolutely positioned is taken out of the flow; thus, other elements are positioned as if it did not exist. The absolutely positioned element is positioned relative to its nearest positioned ancestor 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? Not sure

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    display block - <div><h1-h6><p>
    display inline by default: <span><a>
    display inline-block default: <button>

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? The box model is used when designing the layout. It's a box that wraps every HTML element and consists of margins, borders, padding, and the content. 


